Descriptions for each of the projects:

UR10e:
    
Description: Creating a simulator and control system for the UR10e (6-axis industrial robotic arm) using Simulink.
Full Description: I am currently working toward building a functional a simulator for the UR10e (6-axis industrial robotic arm)
using the Simscape (Simulink) multibody addon. I imported an assembly from SolidWorks, assigning mates and creating input connections
between joints and ports to control each individual rotational axis. I connected a GameCube controller to the signal inputs 
using the vr controller input for interactive input. To verify the position/velocity outputs, I used my knowledge in Dynamics 
to derived mathematical relations between joint position/velocity to track the position and velocity of the end effector.

CNC Router:

Description: Designing and assembling a CNC Router from scratch.
Full Description: Working with a small design team towards creating a fully functional CNC router from scratch. We have
a mechanical design assembled in Onshape and are currently determining electrical components.

GRT 2023:

Description: Designed and manufactured the Gripper Mechanism for the 2023 FIRST Robotics Competition robot.
Full Description: Leading a small design team, I worked on the development of the Gripper Mechanism for the 2023 FIRST 
Robotics Competition robot. Our design features an aluminum frame, an imbedded color sensor for detecting the game piece 
type, a combination of compliant wheels and compliant stars for fast intake, a constant-force spring for passive gripping, 
a driving motor to increase gripping compression, and a seated camera for driver alignment and control.

GRT 2022:

Description: Designed an manufactured the Indexing Mechanism for the 2022 FIRST Robotics Competition robot.
Full Description: Leading a small design team, I worked on the development of the indexing mechanism for the 2022 FIRST 
Robotics Competition robot. Our design features an aluminum frame, a combination of color and IR sensors to detect the index 
location of game pieces, custom roughtop rollers, polycarbonate walls, and callibrated compression for consistent vertical feeding.

Floats: 
Description: Designed, manufactured, and assembled a wood replica of the Apollo 11 Lunar Lander Module for Homecoming.
Full Description: I worked with the Gunn 2023 Senior Class to design, manufacture, and assemble a wood replica of the 
Apollo 11 Lunar Lander Module for our annual Homecoming Competition. Constructed out of 2x4 beams for the frame and thin painted
particle board for the appearance. The design also features mylar film for the gold base, () paper and chicken wire for the propulsion. 

Mill Training

Description: Designed and implemented a milling machine training program for members of the Gunn Robotics Team.
Full Description: Over the 2022-2023 academic year, I acted as Mill Lead for the Gunn Robotics Team. I personally 
designed and instructed a mill operation curriculum, teaching team members how to operate the machine safely and 
efficiently, supervising and advising use. I also designed “replication parts” assignments for students to exercise 
these manufacturing skills.
      